back on the streets this displaced
family in Han Yunis was able to go home
during the ceasefire but now it has
expired they have once again been forced
to flee they're afraid of what the
coming days will
bring during the days of the truce God
protected us we slept we rested there
were no drones and we were living well
but with what happened Friday we've been
living in fear and anxiety
fear has returned the sadness has
returned with every explosion we spring
up is it in front of us or behind us
we're living in
Terror families crowd together in
makeshift tents they use a communal hose
on the ground for washing and to
drink they share a single pot of lentils
among them and not much else the world
food program has warned that 100
hundreds of thousands of people in Gaza
face
[Music]
starvation there's no food no water no
life no electricity nothing life is very
difficult there is no bread here no
flour the occupation has just cast us
off here we have to suffer to get
anything if it weren't for God we'd be
dead since the start of the war Israeli
forces have repeatedly warned
Palestinians to move to other areas
though that no guarantee of safety the
UN estimates that almost 80% of
residents have been displaced making
scenes like this widespread across the
Gaza Strip camil nelc Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer